add a general pull request template (#12827)
hashicorp/consul: .github/pull_request_template.md

### Description
Describe why you're making this change, in plain English.

### Testing & Reproduction steps
* In the case of bugs, describe how to replicate
* If any manual tests were done, document the steps and the conditions to replicate
* Call out any important/ relevant unit tests, e2e tests or integration tests you have added or are adding

### Links

> Include any links here that might be helpful for people reviewing your PR (Asana tasks, GH issues, API docs, external benchmarks, tools docs, etc). If there are none, feel free to delete this section.
> 
> Please be mindful not to leak any customer or confidential information. Feel free to use [HashiLinks](https://go.hashi.co/) to obfuscate links as needed.

Reviewer: It's worth considering that the audience for this template is broader than just the Consul team, and also includes external contributors (who won't know what HashiLinks is, for example).

```suggestion
Include any links here that might be helpful for people reviewing your PR (Tickets, GH issues, API docs, external benchmarks, tools docs, etc). If there are none, feel free to delete this section.

Please be mindful not to leak any customer or confidential information. HashiCorp employees may want to use our internal URL shortener to obfuscate links.
```

CHANGELOG: `no-impact` / `Added` / `Changed` / `Deprecated` / `Removed` / `Fixed` / `Security`

Describe how these changes affect the customer in one line. This is the thing you are going to add to a changelog.txt file.

> CHANGELOG entries will be pulled directly into the release changelog, so use
customer-facing language. Start with one of the active verbs above,
write a full sentence, and end with a period. If these changes do not

> impact the customer, then this line should read CHANGELOG: no-impact.

Reviewer 2: This doesn't seem to fit the way we do changelogs. Is it from some other template?

Author: This is lifted from [here](https://eng-handbook.hashicorp.services/git-and-github/#templates), which AFAIK, is a terraform checklist.

Are you saying that the contents themselves are not applicable to us? I think it could be valuable to follow that pattern for our changelogs too 🤔

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure how the no-impact option fits in with the our automated changelog generation tool. It might be worth including the keywords that it looks at for convenience. I believe the pattern is ```release-note: 
followed by one of breaking-change, bug, deprecation, enhancement, feature, improvement, note, security
We historically have been using lowercase, and I'd argue for keeping it that way for consistiency.

Reviewer: I don't think this belongs in the PR description, as it's already enforced by a GitHub action and (as others have said) doesn't match the way we actually manage our changelog.

Author: Thanks everyone for the feedback -- per that, I deleted this section.

### Description
Describe why you're making this change, in plain English.

> ### Testing & Repro steps

Reviewer: Tiny nit, but I think we should avoid using abbreviations that new folks might not be familiar with.

```suggestion
### Testing & Reproduction steps
```

* In the case of bugs, describe how to replicate
* If any manual tests were done, document the steps and the conditions to replicate
* Call out any important/ relevant unit tests, e2e tests or integration tests you have added or are adding

### Links

> Include any links here that might be helpful for people reviewing your PR (GH issues, API docs, external benchmarks, tools docs, etc). If there are none, feel free to delete this section.

Reviewer 3: I would like to suggest we start including links to internal systems here if they don't leak customer information. E.g. Asana tickets, consul-enterprise issues, etc. While we should transcribe and perhaps summarize that information in the PR, having the links helps keep things from falling through the cracks and can provide context if something is lost in translation.

Reviewer: Maybe a slightly hair-brained idea, but I wonder if there's a convenient way to use our internal URL shortener (which requires SSO) for this kinda thing? Like a Chrome plugin that spots when you're trying to paste an internal link and replaces it with an obfuscated version.

Author: I added guidance to internal links and how to use hashi links

### PR Checklist

> Please fill in this checklist PRIOR to opening a PR.

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need to be prescriptive here; some people add TODOs as they work on an open PR

> Please fill in this checklist PRIOR to opening a PR.

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need to be prescriptive here; some people add TODOs as they work on an open PR

* [ ] lint

> * [ ] testing

Reviewer 2: These two will fail at CI so I don't think we need to call them out

Author: hm, I've seen PRs before that don't add these. My own PRs sometimes don't lint 🙈 bc I forget to do it; and I think it's fine to use the CI as a linter (💸 concern maybe?).

---

On the testing front, I have also seen changes go in without a lot of test coverages (certainly the odd PR, not the norm) but I want testing/ quality to be forefront of my mind 

---

I think all the `PR Checklist` items can be re-worded to better describe that ^ 😆

Reviewer 3: I think lint doesn't belong here, because it's automated and there shouldn't need to be any user action to check off.
As far as testing goes; maybe something like 'any needed test coverage for affected area'

Author: removed per feedback

> * [ ] testing

Reviewer 2: These two will fail at CI so I don't think we need to call them out

* [ ] external facing docs updated
* [ ] not a security concern

> * [ ] checklist folder consulted

Reviewer 2: I didn't know we had this! Is there a link?

Author: yeah, I can add a link ⌨️

> * [ ] checklist folder consulted

Reviewer 2: I didn't know we had this! Is there a link?
